Fix #10508 (modernize virtualenv doc) (#11367)
astropy/astropy: docs/development/workflow/virtual_pythons.rst

***************************

If you plan to do regular work on astropy you should do your development in
a Python virtual environment. Conceptually a virtual environment is a
duplicate of the Python environment you normally work in with as many (or as
few) of the packages from your normal environment included in that virtual
environment. It is sandboxed from your normal Python environment in the sense
that packages installed in the virtual environment do not affect your normal
environment in any way.

.. note::

>     "Normal Python environment" means whatever Python you are using when you

Author: Yes, I think that's a bit clearer.

    log in.

There are a few options for using virtual environments; the choice of method
is dictated by the Python distribution you use:

* If you use the Anaconda/Conda Python distribution you must use the
  `conda`_ command to make and manage your virtual environments.

> 

Author: I don't know, is that a policy?  It makes my eyes hurt a little when list items don't have blank lines between them.  I don't recall reST requiring that.

> 

Author: Here's a screenshot of the relevant section as rendered:

![Screenshot from 2021-03-15 02-54-22](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/676149/111093708-dfd76f00-8539-11eb-8589-69b5d8a1497f.png)

> 

Reviewer: As long as it doesn't break rendering, I guess it is fine. Sphinx has weird rules about line breaks in some places, so I just want to make sure. Thanks!

> 

Reviewer: As long as it doesn't break rendering, I guess it is fine. Sphinx has weird rules about line breaks in some places, so I just want to make sure. Thanks!

***************************

If you plan to do regular work on astropy you should do your development in
a Python virtual environment. Conceptually a virtual environment is a

> duplicate of the Python environment you normally work in with as many (or as

Author: After having another look at that paragraph I decided that the "as many packages as you want" phrase was maybe a bit confusing and unnecessary, so I just cut it out and fused that sentence with the next one.  Instead I added some follow-up detail on why you might want to use this.

> duplicate of the Python environment you normally work in with as many (or as

Author: That's in 865e9c594

      workon ENV

* `conda`_: Activate the environment ``ENV`` with::

      conda activate ENV

* `pipenv`_: Activate the environment by ``cd``-ing into the project

>   directory (i.e. the copy of the Astropy repository on your computer) and

Reviewer: We made the distinction of using capitalized Astropy to indicate the whole project and `astropy` to indicate just this repo.

```suggestion
  directory (i.e., the copy of the ``astropy`` repository on your computer) and
```

  running::

      pipenv shell

.. _deactivate_env:

Deactivate a virtual environment
================================

At some point you may want to go back to your normal Python environment. Do
that with:

* `virtualenvwrapper`_: ``deactivate``
    + Note that in ``virtualenvwrapper 4.1.1`` the output of
      ``mkvirtualenv`` says you should use ``source deactivate``; that does
      not seem to actually work.

* `conda`_: ``conda deactivate``

* `pipenv`_: ``exit``

  .. note::

    Unlike ``virtualenv`` and ``conda``, ``pipenv`` does not manipulate
    environment variables in your current shell session.  Instead it
    launches a *subshell* which is a copy of your previous shell, in which
    it can then change some environment variables.  Therefore, any
    environment variables you change in the ``pipenv`` shell will be
    restored to their previous value (or lost entirely) when ``exit``-ing
    the subshell.

.. _delete_env:

Delete a virtual environment
============================

In both `virtualenvwrapper`_ and `conda`_ you can simply delete the

> directory in which the ``ENV`` is located; both also provide commands to

Reviewer: This text here needs to mention `pipenv` too.

      workon ENV

* `conda`_: Activate the environment ``ENV`` with::

      conda activate ENV

> * `pipenv`_: Activate the environment by ``cd``-ing into the project

Reviewer: While I realize `cd` is used in the example, it is not the only way to change a directory, and it doesn't work in native Windows shell, so I propose using normal English here.
```suggestion
* `pipenv`_: Activate the environment by changing into the project
```

Author: I'm not sure what you mean "it doesn't work in native Windows shell".  `cd` works fine in Windows.  I think it's probably the first DOS command I ever learned :)

Author: Fair point though that it's not technically the *only* way to change directories.  I often alias `cd` to `pushd` :)

Reviewer: Ops! I must have mixed up `cd` with `ls`. It does work on Powershell now that I check. My bad!

Author: It's ok, I think your suggestion was good anyways.
